docs: Unstructured integration blog (#512)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/blog/qdrant-unstructured.md

Building powerful applications with Qdrant starts with loading vector representations into the system. Traditionally, this involves scraping or extracting data from sources, performing operations such as cleaning, chunking, and generating embeddings, and finally loading it into Qdrant. This process can be complex, but the Qdrant ingestion destination in Unstructured aims to simplify it.

In this blog post, we'll demonstrate how to load data into Qdrant from the channels of a Discord server. The process is similar for the [20+ vetted data sources](https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/ingest/source_connectors.html) supported by Unstructured.

### Prerequisites

- A running Qdrant instance. Refer to our [Quickstart guide](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/quick-start/) to set up an instance.
- A Discord bot token. Generate one [here](https://discord.com/developers/applications) after adding the bot to your server.
- Unstructured CLI with the required extras. Install it with the following command:

```bash
pip install unstructured[discord,local-inference,qdrant]
```

Once you have the prerequisites in place, let's begin the data ingestion.

### Retrieving Data from Discord

> To generate structured data from Discord using the Unstructured CLI, run the following command:

Author: I think we can link to https://www.pythondiscord.com/pages/guides/pydis-guides/contributing/obtaining-discord-ids/.
Since the official Discord docs don't specify this.

> To generate structured data from Discord using the Unstructured CLI, run the following command:

Author: https://github.com/qdrant/landing_page/pull/512/commits/7ed375b935c4a9d283009ad4ace621f278839bec

```bash
unstructured-ingest \
  discord \
  --channels LIST_OF_CHANNEL_IDS \
  --token "<YOUR_BOT_TOKEN>" \
  --output-dir "discord-output"
```

This commands downloads and structures the data in the `"discord-output"` directory.

For a complete list of options supported by this source, run:

```bash
unstructured-ingest discord --help
```

### Ingesting into Qdrant

> Before loading the data, set up a collection with the appropriate configurations. In this example we use a local Huggingface model generating 384-dimensional embeddings, we set up the collection with:

Reviewer: What do you mean by "appropriate configurations"? And someone reading the blog post might not know how to set up a Qdrant API key or a collection name. So I suggest a link to those docs. Then to set up the REST call below, maybe:

```suggestion
Before loading the data, set up a collection with the information you need for the following REST call. In this example we use a local Huggingface model generating 384-dimensional embeddings. You can create a Qdrant [API key](/documentation/cloud/authentication/#create-api-keys) and set names for your Qdrant [collections](/documentation/concepts/collections/).

We set up the collection with the following command:
```

  -d '{
    "vectors": {
      "size": 384,
      "distance": "Cosine"
    }
}'
```

You should receive a response similar to:

```console
{"result":true,"status":"ok","time":0.196235768}
```

To ingest the Discord data into Qdrant, run:

```bash
unstructured-ingest \
  local \
  --input-path "discord-output" \
  --embedding-provider "langchain-huggingface" \
  qdrant \
  --collection-name "<COLLECTION_NAME>" \
  --api-key "<QDRANT_API_KEY>" \
  --location "<QDRANT_URL>"
```

This command loads structured Discord data into Qdrant with sensible defaults. You can configure the data fields for which embeddings are generated in the command options. Qdrant ingestion also supports partitioning and chunking of your data, configurable directly from the CLI. Learn more about it in the [Unstructured documentation](https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/core.html).

To list all the supported options of the Qdrant ingestion destination, run:

```bash
unstructured-ingest local qdrant --help
```

Unstructured can also be used programmatically or via the hosted API. Refer to the [Unstructured Reference Manual](https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/introduction.html).

> For more information about the Qdrant ingest destination, visit [here](https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/ingest/destination_connectors/qdrant.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the Qdrant ingest destination, review how Unstructured.io configures their [Qdrant](https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/ingest/destination_connectors/qdrant.html) interface.
```
